Rework Lightspeed docs (#4524)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-project-server-for-cloud-connection.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-{project-context}-server-for-cloud-connection"]
= Configuring {ProjectServer} for cloud connection

[role="_abstract"]
You can configure {ProjectServer} to connect to the {RHCloud}.

> By performing this action, you run a remote job on your {ProjectServer} to enable the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure {ProjectServer} to connect to the {RHCloud} by using remote execution.
```

I do not fully understand line 8. Does this mean run self-REX? If so, is this necessary in the abstract?

Author: Permission added. Intro reworded.
